Mr. Lin is really predictable.
The project we worked on
It has been incorporated.
One of the key five-year plans of the central government
According to this plan
Will be within five years
Become the largest building in the world
The future is unparalleled.
Nalan President Jin Yang
Both of you are taking this opportunity today
I have something big to do
Mr. Lin
But I'm going to start with the old woman who sent it
Lin's, my father's life's hard work
I will never allow him to pass on a foreign surname
I understand what you are worried about
But Lin's
This is an existence as famous as my Zhang family
After recently partnering with Changge's Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce
It's growing really fast.
Want to take down Lin's
No easy task
Water can carry a boat
Can capsize the boat
Do you want to
Lin's Group
It is through my relationship and cooperation with Zhengzhou Chamber of Commerce
As long as he delivers all the projects before they land
must rely on
Time is so tight
Is this enough?
Others may not be able to
But enough for me
What do you need us to do?